you know a lot of these guys have played
their champion so often it's not like
they're gonna learn something new about
the matchup it's really about the
thinking of how does it interact with
the draft order different draft
combinations
well I'm outside III 2018 I'm joined by
Sebastian Park the head of clutch gaming
talk a little bit about the beginning go
for yourself let's we're at e3 we
shouldn't make reference to it what do
you think of e3 e3 is so much fun it is
so big now and so awesome yeah it's
great
it's always an exciting time here it's
always fun to see where everyone is now
you've seen this like everyone switches
jobs it comes to e3 88 announcer new
jobs new Smash Brothers is awesome Mario
Party we can play a law of that do you
have like eSports stuff you do hear
meetings or anything yeah beer like the
eSports cycle basically resets in June
right and so all the teams here are you
know they're intelligent gearing up for
toda if they're in league they're
getting it for summers play if they're
in the other games they're gearing for
the other parts of the game overwatch is
only weird one they're still in season
right now but they'll be over soon and
so you make a chant did you get over to
the fort night event yesterday yeah dude
that's a heat stroke I am really
surprised anyone survived that event I
was in the shade were you really well
Broden was he in the shade yeah we had
special there's an area for us okay well
I wasn't that special I like I like was
like oh man this is really hot and I
don't know how anyone's gonna survive or
how the computers will survive it yeah
actually that's the biggest thing I'm
surprised that actually I'm not
surprised because that event was
sponsored by owned by HP I don't know if
you know that but those are all owned by
HP computers of course they didn't
overheat let's talk a little bit about
legal edge which is kicking off this
weekend for Sprint or summer split yeah
all right so we just saw I just saw a
bunch of crazy happening with cloud
nines roster what crazy is
happening with yours but the craziest
thing of our rosters that we're starting
exactly the same five guys in both our
academy and LCS and we're starting the
same staff all right we haven't made
changes on the staff side we made no
changes in the players side everyone's
exactly the same does that mean you're
destined for 4th again hey if that makes
this team liquid sure
they're not a bad place for your first
year no I mean what was there ever any
consideration of it I mean what what was
the offseason like for you guys who are
you
thinking about stuff are you evaluating
or worse was it just kind of coasting
through I mean we spend a lot of time
just upgrading our infrastructure like
just trying to get better sense of what
to do if our coaches and our housing our
coaches you're really upgrading the
different practice environments for our
guys you know for us like nine weeks is
in a large sample size even for Academy
right like our Academy guys we're like
oh some of them played really well and
he did super well last play so
every guys did less than well it was
just a question like hey it's nine weeks
enough time to really assess whether and
I they are doing well or poorly or who
knows right it wasn't in our opinion so
we were like let's stay the course let's
give them more time to figure out what's
up on the LCS I you know we took a
vacation a lot of our guys like Fabien
and and tell you Lyra went better than
MT a Lyra went to went back home for a
little bit so that all of our LCS guys I
think Jaco stayed but everyone else like
went home for a little bit reset rewind
then get ready for this meta yeah Ari is
the team talking about the matter are
they excited I mean this is a place
where but theoretically if clutch is all
about analytics this is a time where you
guys should be a little number cruncher
and figure out what some of the best
opportunities are right I mean let's
find out right I think I'm a huge fan of
meta personally there are people in my
own organization who disagree with me be
Emily
so we'll see who's right and wrong I
mean I think just a lot of fun for the
viewers to really watch and play and and
see different ways to go and I think
people don't give enough credit to like
Apollo and Haku oh and double with an
arrow and everyone else fake play League
of Legends they can play the other
champions and so we'll see how they do
in this crazy new meta or if everyone
will just play exactly standard well I
guess we'll find out in a couple days
what do you what do you think of this
Thursday night broadcast thing with the
Challenger League I think we just
started to find out about that today as
well I'd heard rumors about it but I
think only now like cloud9 announced
some partnership for their Thursday
night challenger broadcast so what's
your take and where we love what it
gives us to a chance to do so we're we
launched our like next best caster
competition
cheer about this all right so we were
we've launched and are launching the
next best caster competition which is
basically hey let's figure out
the next captain flowers and next Irene
is let's like give people the
opportunity to cast these like
high-level games that's what we're doing
we're gonna be having a competition
where people can apply to become casters
and they'll cast our academy games the
hope of showcasing their talents and
getting picked up full-time you know
that broadens always wanted to be a
caster this is his chance to apply you
could you take a hundred percent you
should you should apply you go go to our
website a clutch LCS comm check our
Twitter apply to be a caster cast none
of our games we play cloud nine so you
can even go beat them up will you I'm
not sure if you guys will beat up cloud
nine considering leave just sent three
of their main players down to the
academy roster right like that's gonna
be a pretty buff Academy team yeah yeah
it's going to be high but look sneaky
versus piglet is sort of an even matchup
as far as I can tell so we'll see what
our looking at world so you guys want
worlds for summer split yeah I mean
we've set this before we even launched
our roster right like our goal has
always been to make playoffs in spring
so we got a taste of a playoffs to taste
like and then make worlds in summer
after summer and so it's a tough road
right like I think given the fact that
we took forfeit points and the fact that
you know TL did what they did at the
international stage and at the regional
stage we're looking at it's like okay we
need either win summers play or take
second or win the gauntlet and so that's
gonna be hard to do but we have an
entire split to get better right like I
think at the end of the day you can't
expect your roster to be Itzik provably
the case that we were the third or
fourth best roster last play but what we
need get better and if we don't get
better than we need make changes right
and so we'll see what happens
are there any teams in particular that
you're hoping to take down this split
any rivalries I mean you lost to echo
Fox last at the end of spring any
anybody that in particular clutch has
its eyes set on yeah we got that a
little ice on the line we're gonna win
more games above it keep winning all the
games below it that's a good meme I like
that
you know honestly I think I think we you
know we could have won that series gets
a hundred thieves like if one we we were
in position two we messed up that's on
us we're gonna come back and try to win
there and then echo Fox we've honestly I
I think
like part of it was just that solo had
never played against hooni before like
before that split but i think we can get
used to playing against him and getting
better and improving as a player we
might have a better shot against them
and then we want to keep our winning
record against TSM so we're gonna keep
that going we have a really hard first
three weeks though yeah wait who what's
your first straight one of the big
matches in your first three weeks we
have all the other playoff teams too
first three weeks and optic um but like
the first yeah so we have all five
playoff teams we do like clown like
hundred thieves then we do like liquid
echo box and there we go
like other challenges uh the TSM I guess
all right uni interesting exciting
announcements anything you can tease for
anybody out there coming on the clutch
horizon I don't know if there's anything
going on out there we have some
sponsorships but more importantly we
have some like real interesting content
pieces are starting to come out so we've
been gearing up a lot on the content
side and so we've been listening and
reading a lot of YouTube comments which
is apparently really hazardous to my
soul I feel a little icky honestly but
they have good points and they have
really good points at some times and so
like we're bringing YouTube comments on
your videos other videos and we've put
together some really interesting content
ideas for us to try out this summer
split and we'll see what works and what
doesn't and we'll iterate on top with
that I also I mean we've also been it
taking a little bit of time just to like
deep like take bigger breaths honestly
right like I think oftentimes our
training schedules were sort of insane
and so we're like seeing hey like what
if we try a different type of training
schedule how will that impact I perform
I mean this is interesting because I've
always I've heard so many times teams
say you know what our players are
overworked or we're gonna burn out our
players like we're gonna take a step
back we're gonna practice less so we're
gonna do whatever and then I feel like
those teams already starts to drop and
then have to like swing back into a
hyper gear triple lock all that kind of
stuff to get back to where they want to
be yeah I mean that's possibly true
right I think but I think don't know I
don't think anyone really knows like do
you really need a triple block the
answer seems to be no
in terms of double blocking like one
thing we did during playoffs and we
played really well during playoffs was
we took an extra day off of practice per
week than we did during the regular
split and part of that was hey we wanted
to like to spend a little bit of time
jewelry crafting and just making sure we
got our matchups down and you know a lot
of these guys have played their
champions so often it's not like they're
gonna learn something new about the
matchup it's really about the thinking
of how does it interact with the draft
order different draft combinations we
have a large coaching staff like we can
have conversations and maybe get the
knowledge bridge the knowledge gap more
than the play gap but we'll see I mean
I'm all for practicing I personally like
to practice a lot the things I do I know
you like to practice talking but we'll
see how it plays out we'll see what
works is there anything you want to say
to you all of the clutch fans League of
Legends fans na LCS fans everybody
getting excited to see NALC has returned
this weekend I'd say be patient with
everyone this is a completely new meta
not just our team but every team it's
gonna be a lot up in the watch button
boy might be mistakes made the first few
weeks I hope you saw the Korean meta
that's all over the place right now
really weird stuff happening over there
it's like you got you gotta think of it
in perspective of these guys are
professional so you should expect them
to play well but they're also humans you
should expect to give them a week or two
very good well thank you so much
Sebastian best of luck in the summer
split looking forward to seeing the team
take out looking forward to the new
content pieces too I think that's really
exciting yeah I mean you'll be in some
of them you can check out the rest of
our coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
III is done for me at least I am sitting
down because I'm just so exhausted from
this event but it was really fun so much
crazy cool stuff neat I interviewed
Sebastian you probably just saw that but
you know what LCS starts now
well this weekend so I'll be there
that's legalized discontent is coming
this channel soon
you guys have been waiting for it it's
happening so just you know support me
and the links subscribe do whatever it
takes to get these interviews because
they're coming
[Music]